                                JSConTest
                                ---------

OVERVIEW:

JSContest is a tool that enhances JavaScript with simple, type-like
contracts and provides a framework for monitoring and guided random
testing of programs against these contracts at the same time. Function
contracts in JSContest serve a dual role as specifications of the
input/output behavior and as test case generators. Generation of test
data for a contract is principally random, but can be guided by
annotations on the contract to achieve higher coverage. Annotations
may indicate dependencies among parameters or between parameters and
the result or they may select lightweight program analyses, the
results of which influence the choice of test data. A case study
substantiates that JSContest finds type-related errors with high
probability.



INSTALLATION / USAGE:

Please ensure that you have the following programs available:
   - An OCaml Interpreter (http://caml.inria.fr/)
   - Bash (if you decide to use create-html.sh)

The file jscontest is a OCaml bytecode file, which can
be executed on all machines, where an OCaml Interpreter
is installed. 

Execute 
    ./jscontest --help 
to get an overview over the command line options. 

A bash shell script creating a default html page,
that runs the test framework is also included into 
the archive.



EXAMPLE USAGE (Linux)

Execute the following commands in your shell:
    ./jscontest yourfile.js
    ./create-html.sh yourfile.test.js
    ./firefox yourfile.html
After these commands your firefox will open and shows
a web page, where your contracts are tested. On top of
the page a statistic is presented that gives you an 
overview of your tests.



CONTENTS:

CHANGES          what's new in each release          
create-html.sh   generates default html page
LICENSE          Simplified BSD License
jscontest        the bytecode file, compiler of contracts
                 and the transactifier
README           this file



COPYRIGHT:

All files in this distribution are copyright 2010 Phillip 
Heidegger and distributed under the conditions stated in 
file LICENSE. 



CONTRIBUTIONS BY:

Benus Becker, Dirk Kienle, Annette Bieniusa, Peter Thiemann.



AVAILABILITY:

Please visit 
   http://proglang.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/jscontest/
with a web browser for additional informations and 
new versions.



BUG REPORTS AND USER FEEDBACK:

Send your bug reports by E-mail to:
   heidegger@informatik.uni-freiburg.de
It is helpful if a bug reports includes a complete JavaScript
program (preferably small) that exhibits the unexpected behavior.